docs: add tool list to dev assist docs (#626)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/en/how-to/connect-ide/cloud_sql_mssql_mcp.md

    ```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

## Use Tools

> Your AI tool is now connected to AlloyDB using MCP. Try asking your AI assistant to list tables, create a table, or define and execute other SQL statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your AI tool is now connected to Cloud SQL for Sql Server using MCP. Try asking your AI assistant to list tables, create a table, or define and execute other SQL statements.
```
